today I am joined with just like a more
job done that kind of just what I'm
doing with this kid and we are going
around the streets are Oxbridge and
asking serious and questions but making
sure the public hear it hope you enjoy
it Siri where's the needed nearest
toilet I need a massive poo sri i might
be having a heart attack would you
please call 999 999 i think a lady's
gonna kill me hey Siri could you search
pornhub com please Siri locate the
nearest toilet I need a massive sloppy
poo there's a girl in the Jackie I think
she's gonna kill me what do I do do I
stay still she's holding a white she's
looking telling what to do I'm gang out
here I'm on the run there's a woman in a
purple jacket I think she might kill me
what do i do I stay still
do I stay still I move
theory I think I'm going to be mugged by
the guy sitting next to me what should I
do
Siri I feel frightened
Siri locate the nearest toilet I need a
massive poo
Siri I feel threatened I feel like I'm
gonna get shot see what do i do what do
I do Siri Siri what girlfriend tries to
lick my toes the other day what shall do
target is about to move should I stay
Siri how do you cover up the smell of a
fork because I really need to let one
off
what do I see if I see a girl wearing a
yellow jumper I run hope you enjoyed the
video with me and jela if you'd like to
check out Joe you can click him now and
subscribe to now thanks I'm i hope you
enjoyed the video and we will see you
soon
you